Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
Yugi: I WANT YOU TO KEEP
MY MILLENNIUM PUZZLE, JOEY.
[THINKING]
HOPEFULLY, THAT PUZZLE
WILL FREE JOEY
FROM MARIK'S MIND CONTROL
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!
'CAUSE THAT ANCHOR'S
GONNA FALL INTO THE OCEAN
IN ABOUT 20 MINUTES,
TAKING ME AND JOEY WITH IT!
Joey, thinking:
YUGI'S...PUZZLE...
I'M LOSING MY GRIP AGAIN!
WHERE'RE MY FRIENDS,
YOU FREAK!?
DOMINO PIER...
THEY BETTER BE!
Tristan:
THEY'RE AT A PIER
ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE CITY!
ARE YOU SURE, TRISTAN?
YEP! SO LET'S GO!
RIGHT!
BEAST OF GILFER!
ATTACK HIS
PANTHER WARRIOR!
AAH!
HEY, JOEY!
YUGI!
THEY FOUND US!!
DON'T GET ANY CLOSER!
IF WE TRY TO SAVE TEA,
THAT RARE HUNTER WILL
RELEASE THE CRATE
HANGING ABOVE HER HEAD!
Joey:
THE END IS NEAR, YUGI.
HERE GOES!
Marik: THAT'S JUST
THE CARD WE NEED TO WIN.
ONE MORE MOVE,
AND YOU'LL BE GONE FOR GOOD,
WHILE I RULE THE WORLD!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
THE CARD I HOLD
IN MY HAND
IS THE KEY TO MY VICTORY!
AS SOON AS I PLAY IT,
YOUR WORLD WILL CRUMBLE
AS YOU SINK TO YOUR DOOM!
NOT IF I CAN
SET JOEY FREE
FROM YOUR CONTROL
FIRST, MARIK!
[THINKING]
SET JOEY FREE?
...NOT AS LONG AS I HOLD
THE MILLENNIUM ROD IN MY HAND!
NOW LISTEN TO ME!
PLAY THAT CARD
AND DESTROY LITTLE YUGI!
WIPE OUT THE REST
OF HIS LIFE POINTS
AND WIN ME
THE POWER I DESERVE!
AND DO IT NOW!
THE MOMENT I'VE BEEN
WAITING FOR
IS ABOUT TO ARRIVE!
IT'S ALL OVER, YUGI!
NO!
THERE'S GOTTA
BE A WAY
TO PUT A STOP TO
THIS DUEL!
THEY'LL HURT TEA.
WHATTA WE DO?
SETO, ISN'T THERE
SOME WAY
WE CAN STOP THIS
WITHOUT PUTTING
TEA IN DANGER?
Tea: COME ON, YOU GUYS!
TIME IS ALMOST UP!
YOU HAFTA STOP
THIS DUEL NOW!
FORGET ABOUT ME!
JUST SAVE YUGI AND JOEY!
IF YOU DON'T DO
SOMETHING SOON,
THEY'LL BOTH BE
IN MAJOR TROUBLE!
PLEASE JUST DO IT!
I'LL BE FINE!
I WOULDN'T
LISTEN TO HER!
Mokuba:
WE CAN'T, TEA!
HE'LL PUSH
THAT BUTTON!
COME ON, SETO!
WE CAN'T LET TEA
GET HURT!
SHE SAVED MY LIFE!
[THINKING]
THERE MAY BE A WAY
TO STOP THESE RARE HUNTERS.
IT'S ME. NOW LISTEN UP...
COME ON, JOEY!
THIS IS YOUR
LAST CHANCE
TO BREAK FREE!
Marik: IGNORE THAT FOOL,
MY SERVANT!
AND USE YOUR
METEOR OF DESTRUCTION
TO FINISH HIM OFF!
AS SOON AS YOU PLAY
THAT CARD,
LITTLE YUGI WILL RECEIVE
1000 POINTS WORTH OF DAMAGE,
DESTROYING HIM!
AND HIS MOST PRIZED
POSSESSIONS WILL BE MINE!
HE CERTAINLY WON'T NEED THEM
WHERE HE'S GOING!
NOW DO AS I COMMAND AND DELIVER
THE FINAL STRIKE AGAINST HIM!
Yugi:
THIS IS IT, JOEY!
YOU HAFTA REMEMBER
WHO YOU ARE, NOW!
I AM...JO-EY...
[GROANING]
[GASP]
IT'S FAINT...
BUT I ALSO
REMEMBA MY FRIENDS...
Joey, voice-over:
I REMEMBER...
GOIN' TO DUELIST KINGDOM...
AND DUELIN' MY HARDEST
TO GET TO DA TOP...
HA HA HA!
AND I'M GOING
TO KEEP USING
THE MAGIC
OF ELEGANT EGOTIST
TO DOUBLE MY HARPIES
AGAIN AND AGAIN, EACH TURN.
GO! THOUSAND DRAGON!
[GRR]
ATTACK WITH INFERNO
FLAME BREATH!
AND NOW...
TIME TO MEET RED-EYES!
A DRAGON LIKE NONE
YOU'VE EVER SEEN!
ALRIGHT!
TIME WARP, GO!
OH, NO! MY DRAGON'S
BEEN FOSSILIZED.
NOT ONLY DID I WIN
YOUR STAR CHIPS,
BUT I WON YOUR
RED-EYES, TOO!
FAIR AND SQUARE!
AAH!
ALRIGHT,
BOZO BROTHERS!
TRY THIS ON
FOR SIZE!
THE RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON!
AND NOW, WITH THE MAGIC
OF MY POLYMERIZATION CARD,
I'LL COMBINE JOEY'S RED-EYES
WITH MY SUMMONED SKULL!
[GRR]
BLACK SKULL DRAGON...!
...MOLTEN FIREBALL ATTACK!
HA HA HA!
THAT'S RIGHT, JOEY.
FALL TO THE DIRT
LIKE A WHIMPERING DOG.
JUST FACE IT, JOEY,
YOU'RE A LOSER
AND A THIRD-RATE DUELIST
WHO BELONGS ON HIS KNEES.
YOU CAN'T DO A THING
WITHOUT YOUR PAL YUGI
HELPING YOU.
Mai: GET UP
OFF THE FLOOR, JOEY!!
HOW DO YOU EXPECT TO WIN
THE FINALS ACTING LIKE
A BIG BABY!?
HEY. CHILL OUT.
THE PUMMELIN'
WILL COMMENCE
AS SOON AS I'M
GOOD AND READY,
SO DON'T GET YOUR
BRIEFS IN A BUNCH.
YA GOT THAT,
BLONDIE?
GO! FLASH FLARE BLAST!
Man: THE WINNER OF THIS DUEL
WILL WIN 3 MILLION DOLLARS!
ATTACK ME! YOU'LL WIN!!
YOU KEEP IT.
YOUR SISTER NEEDS
THAT MONEY.
YUGE...
PLEASE,
USE THIS MONEY
FOR SERENITY'S
OPERATION.
THANKS, YUGI.
WELL, YOU WIN.
SO TAKE
MY LOCATOR CARD!
Joey: YOU'RE
FINISHED, WEEVIL!
YEAH!! THERE GOES
MY PEST PROBLEM!
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
TO MY QUEEEEEEEEN!
AAH!
Joey:
YOU ALRIGHT, MAKO?
YES. THAT WAS
AN EXCELLENT DUEL.
CONGRATULATIONS.
DON'T YOU WORRY.
I'LL TREAT
YOUR CARDS WELL.
YOU'D BETTER.
AND BEST OF LUCK
IN THE FINALS.
DANKS, YOU'RE
A'RIGHT, MAKO!
YOU KNOW,
WHEN YA THINK
ABOUT IT, YUGE,
BOTH OF OUR HEARTS
ARE IN OUR DECKS.
WE'RE A TEAM!
TOGETHER WE WON'T LET
ANY DUELISTS BEAT US!
IT'S TRUE!
WE'LL WHOOP THIS MARIK CREEP
AND HIS RARE HUNTER
GOON-SQUAD SO HARD
THEY WON'T KNOW
WHAT HIT 'EM!
THEY'LL BE SORRY
THAT THEY EVER DECIDED
TO MESS WITH US!
MY PAST...
IT'S REAL...
Marik:
YOU HAVE NO PAST!
NOW DESTROY HIM!
DESTROY YUGI!
GET OUTTA MY HEAD!
YOUR FEEBLE BRAIN
IS NO MATCH FOR ME!
SO, PLAY
METEOR OF DESTRUCTION NOW.
YOU BELONG TO ME!
UNDERSTAND!?
I COMMAND YOU
TO VANQUISH YUGI!
I CAN'T!
HE'S MY BEST FRIEND!
I WON'T DESTROY YUGI!
YUGI'S MY PAL!
FIGHT HIM, JOEY!
SILENCE!!
OBEY ME AT ONCE
OR FACE SEVERE CONSEQUENCES!
YOU CAN DO IT, JOEY!
I KNOW YOU CAN.
BE STRONG!
GOTTA...BE...STRONG...
[THINKING]
JOEY'S GONNA DO IT!
I KNOW HE IS!
OUR FRIENDSHIP
IS STRONG,
AND SO IS HIS WILL!
MARIK'S
MILLENNIUM ROD'S
GOT NOTHING ON THAT!
HE'S JUST GOTTA
KEEP FIGHTING
AND BREAK FREE
BEFORE THAT ANCHOR
FALLS INTO THE OCEAN
TAKING US WITH IT!
COME ON, JOEY...
TIME IS RUNNING OUT!
WE CAN BEAT MARIK
AT HIS OWN
TWISTED GAME
AS SOON AS YOU
WAKE UP!
MARIK!
YOU HIDE LIKE
A COWARD,
BUT WHEREVER
YOU ARE,
I KNOW YOU
CAN HEAR ME,
AND I'VE GOT
SOME NEWS FOR YOU!
THERE WILL
BE A LOSER
IN THIS DUEL,
BUT IT'S NOT WHO
YOU'RE THINKING!
IT'S NOT ME!
...AND IT'S NOT
JOEY, EITHER!
IT'S YOU...MARIK!
YOU WILL LOSE
THIS DUEL!
WHAT?
YOU MAY HAVE THOUGHT
YOU COULD FORCE JOEY
TO DESTROY ME
BY TAKING OVER
HIS MIND,
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE
THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU DIDN'T
TAKE INTO ACCOUNT
WHEN YOU MADE
YOUR PLAN!
THE STRENGTH
OF JOEY'S BOND
WITH HIS FRIENDS!
TIME MAY BE
RUNNING OUT,
BUT JOEY'S BACK,
AND WE'RE IN CONTROL
OF THIS DUEL NOW!
YOUR POWER OVER JOEY
HAS BEEN REMOVED!
AND I'D SAY...
THAT MEANS...
YOU LOSE!
YUGE...
THAT TIMER MAY
RUN OUT,
BUT SINCE JOEY
IS FREE,
YOU CAN'T BE
CONSIDERED
THE WINNER
OF THIS DUEL!
GET IT!?
SINCE YOU'RE NOT
DUELING ANYMORE,
HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY
WIN THIS DUEL!?
[GROANS]
YOU'LL PAY FOR THIS!
WHAT DOES YUGI THINK
HE'S DOING?
THAT FOOL!
YUGI!
TIME IS RUNNING OUT!
Mai: C'MON GUYS...
END THIS.
WHAT ARE YA GONNA DO
NOW, MARIK!?
JUST WAIT IN YOUR
LITTLE HIDEAWAY
UNTIL YOU LOSE
THIS DUEL?
THIS IS YOUR
LAST CHANCE
FOR VICTORY!
SO COME AND GET ME!
JOEY CAN'T BE
CONTROLLED,
SO IT'S UP TO YOU!
Marik:
EVERYONE CAN BE CONTROLLED!
AND ONCE I FORCE JOEY
TO PLAY METEOR OF DESTRUCTION,
YOU'RE DONE!
I CAN'T...
SILENCE!
NO ONE CAN RESIST
MY MILLENNIUM ROD!
BEHOLD THE FULL POTENTIAL
OF ITS ANCIENT POWERS!
JOEY WHEELER
NO LONGER EXISTS!
AAH!
IT'S OVER, YUGI!!
I ACTIVATE...
METEOR OF DESTRUCTION!
Marik: YOU DARED
TO DISRESPECT MY POWER?
LOOKS LIKE YOUR FRIEND
IS WEAKER THAN YOU THOUGHT!
WHO'S LOSING NOW?!
Joey: YUGI...
HELP ME PLEAAASE!
AAH!
YOU DID IT!
WHAT?
NO! YUGI WAS RIGHT!
WHEELER'S WILL WAS
TOO POWERFUL TO OVERCOME!
NOOOOOOOOOOO!
AAH!
YUGI!
[THINKING]
I KNEW JOEY'S HEART
WAS TOO STRONG
FOR MARIK!
THERE'S ONLY ONE
THING LEFT TO DO!
TRAP CARD...
ACTIVATE!
MYSTICAL REFPANEL
WILL STOP MARIK'S
METEOR!!
MY TRAP CARD
HAS ABSORBED
THE EFFECTS
OF MARIK'S
METEOR OF
DESTRUCTION CARD!
NOW MY MYSTICAL
REFPANEL
CAN REDIRECT
THE METEOR'S ATTACK
WHEREVER I WANT!
[THINKING]
WHAT'S HE DOING?
I'M NOT GONNA PUT
YOU IN DANGER, JOEY.
...YUGI.
[THINKING]
YUGI HAS QUITE A PREDICAMENT
ON HIS HANDS.
THANKS TO MYSTICAL REFPANEL,
HE HAS THE POWER TO CONTROL
THE OUTCOME OF THIS DUEL,
LEAVING HIM
WITH A DIFFICULT DECISION...
HE CAN EITHER DIRECT
THE ATTACK TOWARDS WHEELER,
OR CHOOSE
TO DESTROY HIMSELF.
AND IF EITHER OF THEM
TRY TO ESCAPE,
THEN TEA'S DONE FOR!
UNLESS MY PLAN WORKS SOON...
BUT TIME IS RUNNING OUT!
WHY AM I WEARIN'
YER MILLENNIUM PUZZLE?
BECAUSE I GAVE IT
TO YOU, JOEY...
...WHEN I WAS TRYING
TO HELP YOU REMEMBER
OUR FRIENDSHIP.
I'M CONFUSED...
MARIK TRIED TO TURN
YOU AGAINST ME.
BUT OUR FRIENDSHIP
ENDED UP BEING
STRONGER
THAN HIS POWERS!
AND GIVING YOU
MY PUZZLE HELPED
YOU TO BREAK FREE.
YOU'RE MY
BEST FRIEND, JOEY,
AND NO EVIL MAGIC
CAN TAKE THAT AWAY!
AND NOW I HAVE
TO PUT AN END
TO THIS DUEL.
BUT REMEMBER...
WE DEFEATED MARIK
TOGETHER, JOEY!
Tea: YOU GUYS BETTER
DO SOMETHING SOON OR...
OR WHAT!?
OR YOU'RE BOTH IN TROUBLE!
[THINKING]
ITS TOO LATE NOW!
...HUH?
IT'S ONE
OF KAIBA'S
CHOPPERS...
BUT WHO'S FLYING
THAT THING?
Mokuba: NO ONE!
IT'S REMOTE-CONTROLLED!
Rare Hunter:
WHERE'D THAT
COME FROM?
I WARNED YOU!
TIME TO DROP
THE CRATE!
[THINKING]
NOT IF I STOP YOU
FIRST, RARE HUNTER!
SAY HELLO TO MY
BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON CARD!
TAKE THIS!!!
AAH!
UNH!
BIG MISTAKE!
NOT REALLY!
HUH!
UNH!
Tristan: THE CHOPPER'S
TAKING OUT THE TRAP!
TEA'S SAFE!
[BEEPING]
TEA!
HEY, GUYS!
I'LL GET YOU OUT!
THANKS A LOT, MOKUBA.
I GUESS WE'RE
EVEN NOW, TEA.
LET'S HELP YUGI AND JOEY!
Tristan: RIGHT!
WE'RE COMING, GUYS!
THERE'S NOT MUCH
TIME LEFT...
IF ONE OF US
DOESN'T WIN,
WE'LL BOTH BE
PULLED UNDER,
AND THERE'S NO WAY
I'M GONNA LET THAT
HAPPEN, JOEY!
WHADDA YA SAYIN', YUGE?
I'M SAYING THAT
I'VE DECIDED TO
SAVE YOU, JOEY.
THERE'S NO POINT
IN BOTH OF US
GOING DOWN.
AND IF I LOSE,
YOU'RE SAFE.
BUT...
I CAN'T LETCHA
DO DIS, YUGE.
IT'S MY DECISION.
SO NOW...
NO, YUGI!
TAKE CARE
OF MY PUZZLE.
NOW IT'S TIME!
REFPANAL DIRECT
YOUR ATTACK
TOWARD ME!
YUGI!
UNH!
Joey, thinking:
THE KEY!
BUT I CAN'T
JUST SAVE MYSELF!
I GOTTA HELP YUGI, TOO!
[BEEPING]
JOEY, FREE
YOURSELF NOW...
YOU'VE ONLY GOT
30 SECONDS
TO MAKE IT OUT...
THEN THE ANCHOR
FALLS...
YOU HAVE TO UNLOCK
YOUR CHAINS NOW...
COME ON, JOEY...
HURRY...
BEFORE
THE ANCHOR FALLS
AND PULLS YOU
UNDER...
ERR! FORGET IT!
NO WAY AM I'M LETTIN'
MY BEST FRIEND
BECOME SHARK BAIT!
WE'RE IN DIS TOGETHER,
YUGE,
AND THERE'S NO WAY
I'M LETTIN' YOU
TAKE DA FALL.
WE'RE GONNA MAKE IT
OUTTA DIS!
OHH! DON'T GIVE UP, YUGI...
I'LL DINK OF SOMETHING!
[THINKING]
DAT'S IT!
METEOR OF DESTRUCTION
HAS ANOTHER EFFECT...
...SINCE YUGI HAS
A MONSTER ON THE FIELD,
I CAN FORCE IT
TO ATTACK ME.
THIS DUEL ISN'T OVER YET!
[SPEAKING]
RED-EYES BLACK DRAGON,
ATTACK!
WIPE OUT MY LIFE POINTS,
SO YUGI'S KEY WILL
BE REVEALED!
AAH!
[THINKING]
GOOD OL' RED-EYES...
YUGI, YOU'VE SAVED
MY BUTT MORE TIMES
DEN I CAN COUNT...
DIS TIME, JOEY'S GONNA BE
THE ONE DOIN' DA RESCUIN'!
YOU TAUGHT ME ABOUT
COURAGE AND NEVER GIVING UP.
Serenity: I CAN SEE...
Joey:
HANG IN THERE, YUGE!
YOU'LL BE OUTTA DOSE CHAINS
IN NO TIME!
AAH!
AAH! OH! OH! OH! OH!
IT'S JOEY!
[BEEPING]
ALMOST THERE!
GOTTA BEAT DA CLOCK!
GOT IT!
UNH! OH!
Tea: THAT ANCHOR'S GOING
TO DRAG BOTH OF THEM DOWN!
AAH!
JOEY!
TRISTAN!
AAH!
AAH! NO!
YUGI! JOEY!
[THINKING]
YUGI! I'LL SAVE YOU!
I TOLD YA I WOULDN'T
LETCHA DOWN.
YOU'RE THE BEST FRIEND
A GUY COULDA EVA HAVE...
THANKS, YUGI....
Tea: YUGI!
HOLD ON!
HUH!
UNH!
GOT YA, LET'S GO!
WHERE'S JOEY?
HIS KEY!
JOEY NEVER TOOK IT
FROM THE BOX!
HURRY UP
AND GO GET ME HIS KEY!
I'LL DIVE DOWN!
UH-HUH.
OHH!
Tristan: SERENITY!
Tea: SHE'S GOT THE KEY!
OHH!
[GRUNTING]
[THINKING]
AW, MAN, DIS KEY
WON'T WORK!
I NEED THE OTHER ONE!
HUH? WHAT'S DAT?
IS IT YUGI COMIN' BACK
DOWN HERE TA GET ME?
HUH?
SERENITY!?
Tea:
SHE DID IT!!
JOEY!
YOU OK?
SERENITY?...BUT HOW?
TRISTAN AND MAI
BROUGHT ME HERE
AFTER WE TRACKED
YOU GUYS DOWN!
JOEY! HEY!
YUGI!...WHAT'S UP!
[THINKING]
HOW CUTE,
THE GEEKS ARE BACK
TOGETHER AGAIN...
NOW THAT I'VE SET THINGS
STRAIGHT BY SAVING
MOKUBA'S LITTLE FRIEND,
I CAN GET BACK
TO BATTLE CITY...
...AND PREPARE
FOR MY VICTORY
IN THE FINALS!
Joey: YUGI...
I'M, UH...WELL, UH...
I'M SORRY, MAN.
IT'S OK.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
BUT I ALMOST DESTROYED
OUR FRIENDSHIP.
YEAH,
BUT IN THE END,
NOT ONLY
DID YOU SAVE OUR
FRIENDSHIP...
YOU SAVED ME.
I HAD NO CHOICE.
ONCE I REALIZED WHAT
I WAS DOIN' TO YA,
I HAD TO MAKE IT RIGHT
OR DO MYSELF IN
TRYIN', YUGI.
EVER SINCE
WE'VE BEEN FRIENDS,
WE'VE ALWAYS KEPT AN EYE
OUT FOR EACH OTHER.
I WASN'T GONNA LET
SOME RARE HUNTER CREEP
CHANGE THAT.
EVEN IF...
...EVEN IF MY BRAIN
WAS TURNED TO MUSH!
IT'S OK.
BUT DAT MARIK MADE
A COMPLETE FOOL OUTTA ME!
HOW CAN I SHOW MY FACE
AT DA FINALS NOW!?!
WILL YOU GET
A GRIP, PLEASE!
YOU SHOWED SOME REAL
COURAGE OUT THERE, JOEY,
SO WHO CARES
ABOUT HOW YOU LOOKED!!
JUST LIKE THE COURAGE YOU
SHOWED AT DUELIST KINGDOM
WHEN YOU DUELED
FOR YOUR SISTER!
REMEMBER THAT?
WHAT SHE DID TODAY
SHE DID BECAUSE OF YOU!
YOU'RE HER IDOL, DING-DONG!
WHAT KIND OF IDOL GETS
TURNED INTO A ZOMBIE
AND THEN ALMOST DESTROYS
HIS BEST FRIEND?
TALK ABOUT SETTING
A BAD EXAMPLE!
STOP FEELING SORRY
FOR YOURSELF!
YOUR SISTER GETS
HER STRENGTH
FROM YOU.
THAT'S WHY SHE WAITED
'TIL NOW TO TAKE
HER BANDAGES OFF!
HUH? SERENITY,
YOU CAN SEE NOW!
MM-HMM.
I WAS AFRAID AT FIRST,
BUT HEARING YOU
SAVE YUGI INSPIRED ME.
AFTER I TOOK MY BANDAGES OFF
AND OPENED MY EYES...
YOU SHOWED ME
WHAT COURAGE WAS
ALL ABOUT, JOEY...
I JUST HAD TO DIVE IN.
REALLY?
I MADE IT THROUGH
MY OPERATION
BECAUSE OF YOU.
YOU'VE ALWAYS
BEEN THERE FOR ME.
TODAY IT WAS MY TURN
TO BE THERE FOR YOU,
BIG BROTHER.
JOEY...
I'D SAY WE'RE
A PRETTY GOOD TEAM.
Yugi: I'M GLAD WE'RE
ALL TOGETHER, GUYS!
Joey: YOU SAID IT, YUGE!
HMM.
Tea: WELL, I'M SURE
GLAD THAT'S OVER!
Tristan: DITTO!
HEY, YUGI...
I BELIEVE THIS IS YOURS.
THANKS FOR EVERYTHING,
PAL.
THANK YOU FOR SAVING
MY LIFE, JOEY!
[THINKING]
I GOTTA BE DA LUCKIEST
GUY IN DA WORLD
TO HAVE FRIENDS LIKE DIS.
EVEN WHEN THINGS
SEEMED HOPELESS,
THEY NEVER GAVE UP ON ME!
IF IT WEREN'T FOR THEM,
WHO KNOWS WHERE I'D BE!
HEY, YUGE, I'M GLAD
DAT MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
IS BACK WHERE IT BELONGS.
Yugi, thinking:
THAT REMINDS ME...
I OWE A BIG THANKS
TO YOU TOO, YAMI.
YOU TRUSTED ME ENOUGH
TO LET ME HANDLE
THIS ON MY OWN.
I COULD NEVER HAVE
BROKEN THROUGH TO JOEY
IF YOU DIDN'T
BELIEVE IN ME.
YOU AND I MAKE A GREAT TEAM,
BUT IT'S ALSO NICE TO KNOW
THAT I HAVE THE STRENGTH
TO HOLD MY OWN IF I HAVE TO,
AND YOU HELPED ME FIND
THAT STRENGTH INSIDE MYSELF.
Tristan:
HEY, ANYONE HUNGRY?
Joey: I'M STARVIN'!
COME ON, LET'S GO, MOKUBA.
Yugi: HEY, KAIBA!
HMM?
WE COULDN'T A GOTTEN
OUTTA THAT MESS
WITHOUT YA!
I DID WHAT I HAD TO, YUGI.
GOT IT?
WELL, THANK YOU!
I'LL SEE YOU
AT THE BATTLE CITY FINALS.
Tristan: GUESS THAT MEANS
YOU'RE WELCOME.
Yugi, thinking:
IN ALL THIS INSANITY,
I FORGOT ABOUT THE FINALS!
THAT COULD BE WHERE MARIK
WILL STRIKE NEXT!
THIS FIGHT IS FAR FROM OVER,
AND WHENEVER MARIK COMES BACK,
I'LL BE READY FOR HIM!